1. Sneaking from school compound
2. Possession, peddling, selling and use of alcohol and illegal/banned drugs or substances
3. Bullying or fighting or causing any part of fight/incitement
4. Possession, peddling, selling and use of alcohol and illegal/banned drugs or substances
5. Stealing within the school
6. Bringing cellular phone and prohibited electronic gadgets to the school.
7 Sneaking into the boarding if you were suspended .
8. Quarrelling with, disobeying or insulting/disrespecting the school staff
9. Failure to conform to instruction/ the H/master, Deputy H/master & teachers.
10. Cyber bullying.
11. Public display of affection ( hugging , kissing)/inappropriate sexual behavior/catcalling
12. Disobeying etiquette, use of slang, making offensive jokes, and use of vulgar language.
13 Deceiving or attempting to deceive the boarding master, teacher on duty and supervisor
14 Missing any study prep without excuse while in school compound
15. Being in possession of prohibited items (matches, lighters, knife scisors,taser… etc)
16. Using windows to exit from hostel
17 Watching, listening to music after classes using projectors after classes
18. Sleeping someone else`s bed
19. Keeping food and/or drinks in room. Eating and/or drinking in room
20. Relocating the hostel properties without permission (Desk, mattress, blanket)
21. Late arrival to school on Sunday evenings (After 6 pm)
22. Promoting any kind of distraction during study preps
23. Being late to preps
24. Coming to prep class unprepared (like not bringing text, exercise book, pen…)
25. Not studying during prep time (sleeping, reading novel…)
26. Making noise in classes, rooms or dining hall (Like shouting, howling…)
27. Writing on desks, notice boards and the wall
28. Banging doors
29. Making noise after sleeping time
30. Wandering around the hostel after sleeping time
31. Entering the hostels with slippers or shoes
32. Not obeying dressing code (Bared chest, shorts, vest, … are not allowed)
33. Changing clothes in the open in the rooms in hostels
34. Leaving bed untidy
35. Playing grounds, rooms, corridors or classes. Playing unhallowed games e.g. cards e.g.
36. Any manner of disorder in hostels
37. Keeping shoes out of locker, suitcases in the rooms
38. Leaving the hostel late
39. Entering the hostel late(after last entry time)
40. Failure to carry school I.D. card in the school compound
41. Playing games with bare feet or with slippers/ open shoes